***All these are tabs and can be docked/undocked***

[ ToolBar ]
File
  - New scene
  - New Prefab
  - Save current scene
  - Load scene (Opens File explorer)
View
  - Currently only has toggle for performance graph
Options
  - Currently empty

[ Viewport ]
Resizable and truncates rendered texture
Able to pick objects; Mouse checks collision with existing component in priority: (collider -> sprite dimensions -> transform)

[ Inspector ]
Components can be added via the Add Component button at the end of the component list
Components (except transform) can be removed by right clicking the component name header
Able to view the following components:
Transform (Every entity MUST have a transform)
Box Collider
Velocity
Sprite
Sprite Animation
Tween
Script
Draggable
Enemy AI
Text
Game
Audio
Button
Card
Card Holder
Card Holder Element
Emitter
Animation Events

[ Performance Graph ]
All recorded times are shown in milliseconds
System time percentage may show nan due to number being too low to calculate

[ Console ]
Info, Errors and Warnings are logged into this
You can change the minimum shown log level with the drop down

[ Extras ]
Audio channels controls are present here.
Able to increase/decrease spatial partitioning size (5x5 is the most optimal with lots of entities)

[ Hierachy ]
Drag and drop entities onto each other to parent/unparent them
Child entities should follow parent
You can right click entities to duplicate/delete them (applies to children)
You can right click an entity to save them as Prefabs
You can right click the anywhere in the hierchy tab to create a new entitiy

[ Asset Browser ]
Directory holds all folders and sub folders within Asset Directory.
Displays files within each folder selected from Directory. Images are printed for .png files.
Double click on an Image to switch focus to the asset preview.
All images must be loaded as RGBA
Drag and Drop:
1. images and prefab file into viewport.
2. images to scene hierarchy.
3. images into sprite box within the inspector.

[ Scene Loading/Saving ]
1. Drag and drop into viewport from assets browser (found under "Scenes" directory)
2. From Toolbar, click on "File" > "Open" > Select any ".scn" file, it will load it to the
   state it was last saved in.
   "File" > "Save" to save the current state of the scene to the file that it loaded from
   "File" > "New Scene" and enter filename + ".scn" to create a new scene and load it

   *Note: The file explorer may not open to the solution directory sometimes.
       In that case, navigate to GoopEngine/Editor/Assets/Scenes

[ Prefab Editor ]
For new prefabs, do File > New Prefab. A pop out will appear.
To edit existing prefabs, right click a prefab in the asset browser (found under "Prefabs" directory)
and select "Edit Prefab"
All supported features of the inspector, viewport and scene hierarchy work the same way here.
Allows adding and removing of components to the current prefab, as well as child entities and its
respective components.
To leave the prefab editor, press "ESC" key. You will be prompted with options to save, return or discard
changes.
Note that any entities left unparented (other than the original prefab entity) will be ignored
during saving.


[ Undo/Redo ]


[ Node Editor ]
Allows user to edit enemy's behaviour tree. Any changes made will be displayed in the game at runtime, if the tree is valid (will explain more about it bellow)
There are 3 types of nodes available, Root Node, Composite Node and Leaf Node (Each of them are displayed with a different colored heading)
There are 2 types of pins, Input Pin (Left Pin) and the Output Pin (Right pin). 
Currently, you can navigate around the node editor by holding the middle mouse button and move your mouse around.
Would reccomend you to load the BehaviourTreeTest scene to see the enemy use the behaviour tree
The order of which child runs first depends on which child node was linked first

Users are able to perform these actions:
1. Reposition the nodes
2. Link/Unlink nodes through the pins to create a parent/child relationship
   - A link is made by connecting an output pin to an input pin. The outpin represents the parent in the relationship while the inputpin represents the child in the relationship. 
   - To Form a link click on thepin and drag it to the other pin. Same thing if you want to remove the link
   - Root Node only has output pin as in can only be a parent, Composite Node has both output and input as it can be a parent and a child at the same time and the Leaf Node only has an input pin has it can only be a 
     child
3. Attach Scripts to a node
   - You can attach 1 script to each node. Each node has a box that shows the name of the script attached to node. when you click on the box, it will show a list of all the scripts you can attach to the node
   - In order for the tree to run as a behaviour tree, you will Root Node should only have the "RootNode" script and your Composite Nodes should only have the "SelectorNode" or "SeqeunceNode" scripts. You can attach 
      the rest of the other scripts to the leaf nodes
   - If you try to attach other scripts to it, the tree will still run, but not as a behaviour tree
4. Add Node
   - If you did not select any nodes and click the right mouse button, you will be able to see 3 options (Add root Node, Add composite Node, Add leaf node)
   - By selecting any of these 3 options, it will spawn a new empty node with no script. If you have any nodes with no scripts, it will not update the behaviour tree in game. So you should attach a script to it 
     after create the new node ( Do please attach the right script)
5. Edit Node
   - If you select a node and click the right mouse button, you will be able to see the "delete node" option and any 2 of these ("Change to root Node, Change to composite node, Change to leaf node") options based on 
     the type of node you select. e.g. (If you select the root node, you will only see ("delete node, change to composite node, change to leaf node"))
   - If you choose to change the node type, it will remove any links the node had, but the script remains unchanged.
   - If you choose to delete the node, it will remove the node and any links it had

[Sprite Animation Events Editor]
Allows user to create sets of animation events at different frames. Each event calls a script of a chosen name assigned to the frame event.
User can then attach the events to an entity using the entity inspector.

